fix: express checkout buttons and label spacing (#259)
shopwareLabs/SwagPayPal: CHANGELOG.md

# 10.0.3

> - Fixes an issue, where the distance between Express Checkout button and PayLater banner was too small (shopware/SwagPayPal#245)

Reviewer: sorry for being nitpicky, but maybe `spacing` instead of `distance`.

> - Fixes an issue, where the distance between Express Checkout button and PayLater banner was not enough (shopware/SwagPayPal#245)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixes an issue, where the distance between Express Checkout button and PayLater banner was too small (shopware/SwagPayPal#245)
```
